chore: Add instructions on using Next.js App Router (#5463)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/ssr/js/getting-started.mdx

</Callout>

> ## Next.js App Router Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Amplify with Next.js App Router ("app/" directory)
```
for SEO

> Amplify JS can be used with Next.js' App Router with a few important changes to how you configure and use the library, namely:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amplify JS can be used with Next.js' App Router with a few important changes on how you configure and use the library, namely:
```

Author: In this case I think `to` reads a bit better (the changes are to the process by which you configure & use the library)

> Amplify JS can be used with Next.js' App Router (Next.js v13.4+) with a few important changes to how you configure and use the library, namely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify JavaScript can be used with the Next.js App Router (Next.js v13.4+) with a few important changes to how you configure and use the library, namely:
```

> - Amplify JS must be explicitly configured in both your client-side and server-side code (with `ssr` enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explicitly run `Amplify.configure({ ...awsExports, ssr: true })` in **both** the client-side and server-side code.  The `ssr` option must be enabled. 
```
Nit. Branding.

> - An appropriate request object will need to be prepared for use with `withSSRContext` when performing operations on the server that require authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prepare a request object to pass into `withSSRContext` when performing operations on the server that require authentication.
```

> Example of an Next.js App Router component that uses Amplify JS on the server:

Reviewer 3: Server Component?
```suggestion
Example of an Next.js App Router Server Component that uses Amplify JS on the server:
```

Author: Re-worked sentence

> Example of a Next.js App Router Server Component that uses Amplify JS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of a Next.js App Router Server Component that uses Amplify JavaScript:
```

```js
import { Amplify, withSSRContext } from 'aws-amplify';
import { headers } from 'next/headers';
import { listPosts } from '@/graphql/queries'; 
import awsExports from '@/aws-exports';

Amplify.configure({ ...awsExports, ssr: true });

export default async function Page() {
  // Construct a req object & prepare an SSR enabled version of Amplify
  const req = {
    headers: {
      cookie: headers().get('cookie'),
    },
  };
  const SSR = withSSRContext({ req })

>   const { data } = await SSR.API.graphql({ query: listPosts });

Reviewer 2: Could be more clear if we use `Auth.currentAuthenticatedUser()` instead?

Reviewer 3: +1 that might be a simpler use case to show, and one that we get questions about!

Author: Hum I'm open to that, I just used `graphql` with `listPosts` here to better align with the other examples on the page. What do you think?

Reviewer 4: I think we should leave it as the same example for now. This page in general will be broken apart into each seperate category in the near future.

>   ...

Reviewer 3: mind leaving this off, or changing to a comment since it's not valid JS?

</Callout>

## Use Amplify with Next.js App Router ("app/" directory)
Amplify JavaScript can be used with the Next.js App Router (Next.js v13.4+) by applying the following changes:

### 1. Run `Amplify.configure({ ...awsExports, ssr: true })` in **both** the client-side and server-side code 

> To use Next.js App Router, you **must** run `Amplify.configure()` in both Client and Server Components. The `ssr` option **must** be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Amplify with Next.js App Router, you **must** run `Amplify.configure()` in both Client and Server Components. The `ssr` option **must** be enabled.
```

> To use Amplify with Next.js App Router, you **must** run `Amplify.configure()` in both Client and Server Components. The `ssr` option **must** be enabled.

Author: Kevin had similar feedback, we're going to address the best practices for structuring App Directory components with the upcoming doc rewrite. Ideally it should only need to be done once per environment (server & client) in some top-level layout.

```js
'use client';

import { Amplify } from 'aws-amplify';
import awsExports from '@/aws-exports';

Amplify.configure({ ...awsExports, ssr: true });

export default function Home() {
  return (
    {/* Render a login form for your users */}
  )
}
```

Example Next.js App Router Server Component (e.g. `app/posts/page.tsx`):

```js
import { Amplify } from 'aws-amplify';
import awsExports from '@/aws-exports';

Amplify.configure({ ...awsExports, ssr: true });

export default async function Page() {
  // ...
}
```

### 2. Prepare a request object for `withSSRContext` to perform server-side operations that require authentication

Example Next.js App Router Server Component that queries data from GraphQL (e.g. `app/posts/page.tsx`):

```js
import { Amplify, withSSRContext } from 'aws-amplify';
import { headers } from 'next/headers';
import { listPosts } from '@/graphql/queries'; 
import awsExports from '@/aws-exports';

Amplify.configure({ ...awsExports, ssr: true });

export default async function Page() {
  // Construct a req object & prepare an SSR enabled version of Amplify
  const req = {
    headers: {
      cookie: headers().get('cookie'),
    },
  };

>   const SSR = withSSRContext({ req })

Author: Just lifted this convention from the other examples on the page for consistency for now, we're going to be re-working these docs shortly to be more "app directory first".
